Adding a second branch for Atomic to fix git errors (#1525)
huggingface/datasets: datasets/atomic/README.md

## Dataset Description

- **Homepage:**
https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~msap/atomic/
- **Repository:**
https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~msap/atomic/
- **Paper:**
Maarten Sap, Ronan LeBras, Emily Allaway, Chandra Bhagavatula, Nicholas Lourie, Hannah Rashkin, Brendan Roof, Noah A. Smith & Yejin Choi (2019). ATOMIC: An Atlas of Machine Commonsense for If-Then Reasoning. AAAI

### Dataset Summary

This dataset provides the template sentences and
relationships defined in the ATOMIC common sense dataset. There are
three splits - train, test, and dev.

From the authors.

Disclaimer/Content warning: the events in atomic have been
automatically extracted from blogs, stories and books written at
various times. The events might depict violent or problematic actions,
which we left in the corpus for the sake of learning the (probably
negative but still important) commonsense implications associated with
the events. We removed a small set of truly out-dated events, but
might have missed some so please email us (msap@cs.washington.edu) if
you have any concerns.

For more information, see: https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~msap/atomic/

### Languages
en

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

> The atomic dataset has the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is one example from the atomic dataset:
```

Author: I'll make the change

### Dataset Summary

This dataset provides the template sentences and
relationships defined in the ATOMIC common sense dataset. There are
three splits - train, test, and dev.

From the authors.

Disclaimer/Content warning: the events in atomic have been
automatically extracted from blogs, stories and books written at
various times. The events might depict violent or problematic actions,
which we left in the corpus for the sake of learning the (probably
negative but still important) commonsense implications associated with
the events. We removed a small set of truly out-dated events, but
might have missed some so please email us (msap@cs.washington.edu) if
you have any concerns.

For more information, see: https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~msap/atomic/

### Languages
en

## Dataset Structure

### Data Instances

The atomic dataset has the following fields:

``
{
	'event': ...,
	'oEffect': ...,
	'oReact': ...,
	'oWant': ...,
	'xAttr': ...,
	'xEffect': ...,
	'xIntent': ...
	'xNeed': ...
	'xReact': ...
	'xWant': ...
	'prefix': ...
	'split': ...
}

> ``

Reviewer: Can you provide an actual example from the dataset ?

You can get one by using `load_dataset` and then taking the first sample `dataset["train"][0]` for example

Author: Ok. I'll add this.

Author: Done

  Note: [""none""] means the worker explicitly responded with the empty response, whereas [] means the worker did not annotate this dimension.
* prefix: json-dumped list that represents the prefix of content words (used to make a better trn/dev/tst split).
* split: string rep of which split the event belongs to.

### Data Splits

The atomic dataset has three splits: test, train and dev of the form:

## Dataset Creation

### Curation Rationale

This dataset was gathered and created over to assist in common sense reasoning.

### Source Data

#### Initial Data Collection and Normalization

See the reaserch paper and website for more detail. The dataset was
created by the University of Washington using crowd sourced data

#### Who are the source language producers?

The Atomic authors and crowd source.

### Annotations

#### Annotation process

Human annotations directed by forms.

#### Who are the annotators?

Human annotations.

### Personal and Sensitive Information

Unkown, but likely none.

## Considerations for Using the Data

### Social Impact of Dataset

The goal for the work is to help machines understand common sense.

### Discussion of Biases

> Since the data is human annotators, there is likel to be baises. From the authors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the data is human annotators, there is likely to be baised. From the authors:

```
typos
